hello everyone is just a really really
really quick video um in case you hadn't
noticed the trailer the official trailer
for resident evil 6 just came out I feel
like this came out of nowhere apparently
capcom's been doing some big events this
week celebrating resident evils 15th
birthday can't believe it's 15 years but
it's crazy I was just thinking the other
day to you about how reasonable to Rose
nyl 3 and reasonable 10 really came out
like around the same time and and now
there's been like these huge gaps in
between the games and we've seen so much
about the other games coming out in the
series that I did not expect resident
evil 6 I don't know where left-field not
even tokyo game show III or anything
it's just here it is um as someone i
think that the heart posted on my wall
wondering how i feel about this first of
all I am super excited obviously i love
the resident evil series I resin 04 is
my favorite so I'm really happy to see
I'm going to go ahead and spoil the
trailer right now so spoiler spoiler
source I'm really happy to see Leon back
in it as of one of the main characters
though I am pretty confused as to why we
have Chris behan already so far in the
Resident Evil games there's been at
least a game in between a character
taking part in one game as a main
character and then appearing in the next
I'm trying to think if there's an
exception to that rule and I really
don't think there is so yeah anything
Claire should have been back in this
because we have not seen Claire sins
Code Veronica so other than degeneration
so I'm really curious to see as a Claire
is going to make any sort of appearance
in this or not I hope she at least calls
chris this time because I mean come on
he didn't even mention her
can res evil 5 is all about Jill so yeah
where's Jill I mean what happened to
Jill I'm so mad why as I didn't like
about a revelations it's like they were
partners in resin well five and it made
seem like they've been partners and
since BSA started and then all of a
sudden they're not in Revelations so
anyway um so yeah I'm pretty pretty
pretty excited about it there's a new
guy I'm a little curious about him he
kind of looks like the guy from infamous
I don't know if this is them trying to
take a new spin on Resident Evil because
he's more like yeah give me the money
hey um there are theories that he's one
of the Wesker people i don't know if
that's true obviously there's some brown
haired chick with leon we don't know who
she is i'm assuming she's a new
character there's a blonde girl with the
bald guy who many people believe is
Ashley hooray so happy to have Ashley
Meg of all the people they bring back
they would bring back Ashley and we come
up hopefully it's not Ashley would be
amazing if it was a sherry or Sasha said
she wanted to be Rebecca Rebecca hasn't
been in there since 0 and the original
so it's definitely time for Rebecca to
come back I'm also curious to see if
area lincoln appearance because Barry
hasn't been in a game since three so
yeah as for the gameplay I'm really
happy the zombies are back super happy
we finally have zombies I mean as much
as I love Rosie 04 they weren't zombies
and you're just kind of like you do have
like the dead guys to come after you on
the platform it wasn't no fire but I
don't think they'd really count the
zombies so yeah I think there are some
aspects to the gameplay that kind of
freaked me out like there's
seeing workers is running and then he
runs really fast and it does look kind
of gears of war ich lots of taking cover
I really hope we don't have to do that
too much because I hated those parts
another resident evil 5 so hopefully
that's just kind of like you can cover
if you want to be here are lots of it
needs to fight I did have one friend
wondering if it's going to be split or
how they're going to split up the game
and really curious to that as well I
wonder if they're going to have it in
scenarios like we present evil to where
you have like Leon Chris random other
guy or if it's all going to be
consecutive if it's all consecutive how
are they going to do the weapons because
especially with President form 205 you
accumulate these weapons there were time
and then when you go back through and
play again you have the same weapons
again so I don't know how that's gonna
work I'm really curious to see how that
works it looks amazing like I am just so
excited some people are not happy with
it but the series has to evolve we we
all know that resin go for ticket in a
really good direction unfortunately I
really wasn't too happy with what they
do with resin e 05 this looks like it's
more story impact not just I'm looking
for Jill oh no Wesker not much of story
so it looks like there's a lot going on
actually kind of reminds me more of like
the movies which I guess is a good in
that way where there's actually like a
plot and because you watch movie for a
plot obviously what things are going on
in order so yeah I'm really really
curious to see how it goes also is this
president supposed to be the same one
from Resident Evil 4 which I just makes
sense it's ten years after resin ago for
and resin before I think took place in
2003-2004 so I guess it could be the
same president but yeah so yeah those
are my thoughts and reasonable six
really excited about it go ahead leave
comments let me know what you guys think
about it we can have an open discussion
about it again we're only having
spoilers for like obviously previous
resident evil games and this trailer i
don't even think i'm gonna watch any of
the other trailers just because I want
to be surprised when the game comes out
that's one thing Nick really taught me
so that we you don't or you're not going
to the game like oh I've seen this area
or seen this area like i did with Rosie
l5 it seems every time we came out so
yeah um we'll start that discussion down
and let me know what you guys think